what a perfect system what a perfect
system oh that's a perfect system
Sevilla you're a perfect system make up
oh my god at the beginning of this
episode ah she's broken her mind has
been broken like holy like that
clapping that clapping of Mika right at
the beginning of this episode sewers at
freakin starts her face her face of just
like terror or torture just her face
alone just emphasizes just oh my god
emphasizes a lot of things about Mika oh
my god just that that that beginning man
I just I'm so glad I don't care for Mika
I'm so glad I can actually say I hate
Mika because I would honestly feel bad
for what she's currently going through
because seeing this I mean I understand
her situation in this episode I mean she
doesn't want to technically die she she
technically thinks simulus correct for
some reason even though she's seen
killings in front of her she still has a
clear psychopath she still kind of
thinks that SCIM you'll is in the right
for the most part and it's just it's
incredibly hilarious seeing how she's
having to deal with this situation in
this episode of Psychopaths like oh my
god like she could have said something
about the Grand Mall to organized
she could have said something about the
Grand Mall that you know the grandma was
about to be killed or captured kidnapped
huge boss tibial something like that you
know she could have hinted somehow to
okay about that but she did so yeah kind
of messed up so anyways this episode of
Psychopaths
season 2 episode 9 uh this episode it
does have as much info dumps as the
previous episodes and honestly I still
like this episode for that I mean this
episode it was an enjoyable episode for
a lot of different reasons like I like
the concept of what this episode
actually tries to do and it kind of once
again proves my theory of where I
thought the story was going to go for
instance
asymptomatic people I already talked
about you know aki-nee and saying that
she most likely is asymptomatic and she
might eventually be you know put into
the civil system because her psychopaths
never raises or what at all no matter
what happens for like Psychopaths never
raises and with this episode
SIB you'll and token they actually have
a conversation with maker they're
technically and they talk about how
they're going to be testing all kanae's
like you know criminal co-efficiency
they're actually gonna be testing it by
killing all kanae's grandmother or you
know hurting her in front of all canaan
seeing her reaction and if her
psychopath does not raise then she's
criminally you know asymptomatic and she
can actually be put into the civil
system but a per you know psychopath
raises well we all know the in
conclusion of that and vice versa on the
other conclusion so seeing how this is
technically the goal like the reason why
they're using the grandma in this
episode it's really interesting and i
mean i should have expected it I mean I
called it about the grandma the earring
that give it away a couple episodes ago
you like you don't put emphasis on the
animation on an ear ring if it's not
something important when I sold that box
I saw it open up I thought it was gonna
like show a picture I thought it was
gonna be a picture of her grandma or
something like I instantly detected that
but when I saw the ear I'm like are you
kidding me like ear with the free
dude
oh the earring you know I was just like
damn dang I called I called it seriously
honestly I would feel kind of bad for
the grandma like I'd feel very sad and
depressed for the grandma if she had
more screen time all honestly I would
it's sad what happened to her I'm sad
that she technically died all cane lost
a grandmother it is very sad but
personally from my perspective in my
opinion I can't really feel sad for the
grandma since she only had like maybe 40
seconds to two minutes at tops when it
came to screen time and so I I really
can't care for that character the only
reason why I could possibly care for
that character is because of all kanae
and all kanae is the character I care
about
I actually mainly feel sadder for all K
in her situation on what she's going
through with her personality and her
psychopath levels and stuff like that
then the actual grandma so it's kind of
sad it really is I wonder exactly if you
know okay is
to be criminally asymptomatic because we
will find out probably next week because
I mean she's probably gonna try to go
after comma we try to kill him but I
wonder exactly what she's gonna do when
she finds out that sim you'll and Tony
was actually the main masterminds behind
this plan now with this episode it
brings up a lot of different things that
make me question certain things like the
end of this episode right after the
credits you you see Tony looking at the
grandmother and like it looks like a
trunk or something just she's in the
trunk or something and you see how Tony
he's looking at her you see how the ears
been ripped off of the grand ball she
has in Spanish the grand ball acts like
she's been drugged or something because
she didn't even act like you know Tiger
Gani was you know a bad person she
didn't even act like she was in pain
when her ear got ripped off so
she was clearly drugged most likely by
calmly she was clearly drug because
we've seen you know how calmly knows how
to fool with drugs now the thing is
though is like did calmly and that one
dude cut the grandmas ear off or did a
token a assistant with the grandma
because we do know earlier in this
episode simulant oconee actually had a
conversation about the grandma with Myka
and stuff and you know they were going
to capture her do something to her and
you know test all can a psychopath
almost pretty much trying to make her
blackened and it makes me question what
the reveal of how comley's you know
friend like his best friend that he knew
for a long time that was actually
involved in the plane crash
and he actually managed to escape with
his life pretty much
he had the ear now the only way I could
see how he could possibly have the ears
if he is working with Hogan II or maybe
maybe he captured the grandma first
maybe calmly not do crap to capture the
grand off first before token ain't
captured the grandma and maybe it's just
all lined up in coincidence possibility
I mean we have to wait for next episode
for it to get completely explained but
that's my judgment cuz either that's the
only way it can go either calm Wayne
this one dude capture the grandma and
they cut off her ear and coincidence
that you know it's exactly what toe
gonna incipio system actually wanted
that they could be a coincidence there
or it could be totally and simple a
civil system like delivered the ear to
them like I said possible so we'll have
to see where that goes
overall the episode
it's good it's a good episode like the
past of Tony getting to see him smash
the freakin dog's face I'm like dude
you're looking brutal and smashing a
dog's face and that's like some Jojo
type man smashing a dog's face and
I'm like so yeah overall episode it's
decent nothing so amazing tonight and
quality but it's a good episode so tell
me your thoughts in the comments below
how do you feel about Mika and her how
do you feel about that I mean do you
think she still worthy of redemption do
you think she can actually get out of
this do you think she was just lying and
faking that entire ordeal and she might
try to help out all Kinane
do you feel like she should have you
know helped out all candy some more to
stop the entire bit with the kidnapping
of the grandma and supposedly the death
of the grandma with the ending of this
episode you think she should have tried
to do a little bit more let me know in
the comments below you all have a
wonderful day or not wherever you live
please be safe she be out